Add more content (#3)
primer/contribute: content/design.md

---
title: Design contributions

> description: There some guidelines you should always keep in mind when creating Primer design patterns.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: These are some guidelines you should always keep in mind when creating Primer design patterns.
```

---

> title: Design contributions

Author: For some reason in my preview the title is showing up as Design only, not sure why.

Reviewer: A redeploy seemed to fix it 👍
